[IAM-5116] add SAML SSO docs for OneLogin configuration (#1757)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/basics/sso/configuring-sso-in-onelogin.md

---
id: configuring-sso-in-onelogin
title: Configuring SSO in OneLogin
sidebar_label: Configuring OneLogin
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<p><span className="sauceDBlue">Enterprise Plans only</span></p>

1. Log in to **OneLogin** administrator panel.

> 2. In the menu **Applications** click **Applications**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Applications** menu click **Applications**.
```

Author: fixed

   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/onelogin/apps.png')} alt="Menu Applications" width="350" />

3. Click **Add App**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/onelogin/add-app.png')} alt="Add App" width="250" />

4. Type **Sauce Labs** in the search box and choose the app **Sauce Labs (New) - SAML 2.0**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/onelogin/search-app.png')} alt="Search App" width="800" />

5. Click **Save**.

> 6. In the menu **More actions** click **SAML Metadata**. You will download identity provider metadata which will be used to set up the SSO at Sauce Labs in [Team Management Panel](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the  **More actions** menu click **SAML Metadata**. You will download identity provider metadata which will be used to set up the SSO at Sauce Labs in [Team Management Panel](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider).
```

Author: fixed

   <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/onelogin/download-metadata.png')} alt="Download Metadata" width="250" />

> 7. Now, you need to assign users to this application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Next, you assign users to this application:
```

Author: fixed

>    1. In the menu **Users** choose **Users**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. In the **Users** menu select **Users**.
```

Author: fixed

      <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/onelogin/menu-users.png')} alt="Menu Users" width="300" />

   2. Choose a user from the list.
   3. Click **Applications** in the left menu and click the **+** icon.
      <img src={useBaseUrl('img/basics/sso/idp-config/onelogin/user-menu-apps.png')} alt="Users - Menu Applications" width="1000" />

   4. Select the Sauce Labs application from the list and click **Continue**.

>    5. You can modify Name ID (it has to be an email address), first name or last name, next click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. You can modify **NameID** (it has to be an email address), first name, or last name, and then click **Save**.
```

Author: fixed
